so I wanted okay it's recording so I
wanted to do a quick review on some
products that i put it to my hair there
on my blog on the delt like 85 blogspot
com I have some pictures up as well I
use this chi silk infusion and then I
also you use this proclaim foaming graph
with olive oil I honestly I really like
them I usually don't do a lot of gel or
mousse in my hair because gel is either
too crunchy or moose is just not strong
enough sorry I can't it's just not
strong enough um so lately I've actually
been using this probably not healthy um
but conditioner garnier fructis the kind
that you actually are supposed to use in
the shower I am use it in the shower and
then I also use it when i'm done kind of
like a like serum i put it in and then I
just don't wash it out and it actually
keeps my hair is tacked I don't have any
phrases um I keeps it shiny me it keeps
it soft it doesn't keep it crunching or
anything like that so I haven't had any
problems with that these two products
together with a diffuser made my hair
was like
which is usually what gel would do you
would keep it intact make it look nigga
have like that fresh wet look to it but
my hair is actually one hundred percent
dry it is soft it's not crunchy at all
some very impressed with these two
products as far as the diffuser goes
I've never used it a feeder before I
don't really blow dry my hair moment
because I hate all the flyaways that um
you know comes as a result of wool
drawing there and with the diffuser you
know you don't get those flyaways it
kind of spreads out the heat so that it
covers more than hair without that force
below to it and I'm just I'm really
happy this proclaim for a network let me
borrow it so I don't know how much this
cost the chi I googled it and it can run
up to about fifty dollars for one of
these little six fluid ounce bottles
it's a lot of money I got mine at
marshalls for fifteen dollars and
actually the other day I stopped by
walmart and they have them at walmart
too and they have the shampoo they don't
have the cheap conditioner little
shocked they had the shampoo which runs
I went to say it was thirteen dollars
for a bottle a lot bigger than this but
this cheese silk infusion at walmart
right about 24 so it's about nine
dollars more than marshals so if you
even go to your local marshals and pick
this up and definitely get at least two
has it to serum it goes a long way so
you don't usually use too much and you
always want to start off small because
you can always work more in um but yeah
if you find them at your local marshals
for fifteen dollars like I did pick up a
few i'm actually going to go tomorrow
and get some more it makes my hair
really really soft because my hair is
normally not so soft and it also makes
it really soft when i blow or straighten
it with a flat iron I did that this
weekend and wow it was silky it was
shiny and very very soft I loved it so
this is my new favorite product curly or
straight what are dry don't use too much
of it when your hair's dry though
because animals like your hair is dirty
and oily and greasy n it's not very
attractive so that's my review on these
two products she and proclaim use it
together with the diffuser diffuse my
hear about eighty percent and then I let
it air dry so um i would have to give
both of these the two thumbs up like i
said i'm gonna go and get this tomorrow
if I got it at Sally's Beauty Supply
some stuff I pick it up I don't know how
much it cost but I don't think it's
worth it and then this cheap definitely
going to go to marshalls and get another
one alright well i hope you liked my
review this is my first um video review
for any product usually put everything
on my blogger um so be sure to comment
rate tell me what I can do to improve my
videos and subscribe cool thank you for
your time bye
watch what a guy